Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Why don't skeletons fight each other? They don't have the guts.
I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high. She looked surprised.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honeycombs.
I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.
I told a joke about chemistry, but I got no reaction.
What do you call fake spaghetti? An impasta.
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? He made a mint.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two-tired.
I don't trust stairs because they're always up to something.
I used to be addicted to soap, but now I'm clean.
Did you hear about the cheese factory explosion? There was nothing left but de-brie.
I would tell you a joke about paper, but it's tearable.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet? Because they lactose.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
I once got fired from a calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.
I told my computer I needed a break, and it said: 'You seem stressed.'
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie? Sofishticated.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? You follow the fresh prints.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
I used to hate facial hair... but then it grew on me.
I asked the librarian if the library had books on paranoia. She whispered, 'They're right behind you.'
Why don't some couples go to the gym? Because some relationships don't work out.
I couldn't figure out why the baseball kept getting bigger. Then it hit me.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.
I told my friend 10 jokes to make him laugh. Sadly, no pun in ten did.
Why did the math book look sad? It had too many problems.
Why was the stadium so cold? Because there were a lot of fans.
I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks.
How does Moses make his coffee? Hebrews it.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at the playground? They woke up.
Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
What do you call a factory that makes good products? A satisfactory.
Why are elevator jokes so classic? They work on so many levels.
I told my wife she should embrace her mistakes. She gave me a hug.
Why can't a leopard hide? Because he's always spotted.
How does a vampire start a letter? Tomb it may concern...
What do you call a belt made out of watches? A waist of time.
I don't trust those trees. They seem kind of shady.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
I asked the dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.
What did one wall say to the other? I'll meet you at the corner.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
No matter how kind you are, German children are kinder.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh.
Why did the cookie cry? because his mother was a wafer so long
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
My New Years resolution is to stop leaving things so late.
How do you make Lady Gaga cry? Poker face.
Recent survey revealed 6 out of 7 dwarf's aren't happy.
How do robots eat guacamole? With computer chips.
Where do bees go to the bathroom?  The BP station.
How does a French skeleton say hello? Bone-jour.
Milk is also the fastest liquid on earth – its pasteurized before you even see it
I just got fired from a florist, apparently I took too many leaves.
What do you call a pile of cats?  A Meowtain.
My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot. It got so bad I had to take his bike away.
Why does Norway have barcodes on their battleships? So when they get back to port, they can Scandinavian.
A man walks into a bar and orders helicopter flavor chips. The barman replies “sorry mate we only do plain”
How did the hipster burn the roof of his mouth? He ate the pizza before it was cool.
I think circles are pointless.
Why did the cookie cry? It was feeling crumby.
Why did the octopus beat the shark in a fight? Because it was well armed.
Where do fish keep their money? In the riverbank
Every machine in the coin factory broke down all of a sudden without explanation. It just doesn’t make any cents.
Why are graveyards so noisy? Because of all the coffin.
Where do rabbits go after they get married? On a bunny-moon.
Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah.
What do you do when you see a space man?
Park your car, man.
A book just fell on my head. I only have my shelf to blame.
What is this movie about? It is about 2 hours long.
Why don't sharks eat clowns?  Because they taste funny.
Why did Dracula lie in the wrong coffin? He made a grave mistake.
What was the pumpkin’s favorite sport?

Squash.
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
Nurse: Doctor, there's a patient that says he's invisible. Doctor: Well, tell him I can't see him right now!
Why did the house go to the doctor? It was having window panes.
A red and a blue ship have just collided in the Caribbean. Apparently the survivors are marooned.
What did one snowman say to the other snow man? Do you smell carrot?
What do you call a cow on a trampoline? A milk shake!
Did you hear about the submarine industry? It really took a dive...
There’s a new type of broom out, it’s sweeping the nation.
Pie is $2.50 in Jamaica and $3.00 in The Bahamas. These are the pie-rates of the Caribbean.
What creature is smarter than a talking parrot? A spelling bee.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course. The Empire State Building can't jump.
Some people say that comedians who tell one too many light bulb jokes soon burn out, but they don't know watt they are talking about. They're not that bright.
My friend said to me: "What rhymes with orange" I said: "no it doesn't"
How does a scientist freshen their breath? With experi-mints!
Why did the m&m go to school? Because it wanted to be a Smartie!
Two muffins were sitting in an oven, and the first looks over to the second, and says, “man, it’s really hot in here”. The second looks over at the first with a surprised look, and answers, “WHOA, a talking muffin!”
Did you hear about the Mexican train killer? He had loco motives
What kind of music do mummy's like? Rap
I cut my finger cutting cheese. I know it may be a cheesy story but I feel grate now.
A man is washing the car with his son. The son asks...... "Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?"
People saying 'boo! to their friends has risen by 85% in the last year.... That's a frightening statistic.
Where does batman go to the bathroom? The batroom.
What do you do when you see a space man?
Park your car, man.
What kind of award did the dentist receive? A little plaque.
Is the pool safe for diving? It deep ends.
Sore throats are a pain in the neck!
Whoever invented the knock-knock joke should get a no bell prize.
What’s the advantage of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus.
Why are ghosts bad liars? Because you can see right through them!
How do you fix a damaged jack-o-lantern? You use a pumpkin patch.
Which side of the chicken has more feathers? The outside.
I really want to buy one of those supermarket checkout dividers, but the cashier keeps putting it back.
Did you hear about the cheese factory that exploded in France? There was nothing left but de Brie.
Did you hear about the cheese who saved the world? It was Legend-dairy!
Q: What did the spaghetti say to the other spaghetti?
A: Pasta la vista, baby!
I am terrified of elevators. I’m going to start taking steps to avoid them.
A man tried to sell me a coffin today. I told him that's the last thing I need.
Why is there always a gate around cemeteries? Because people are always dying to get in.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
Breaking news! Energizer Bunny arrested – charged with battery.
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite.
What do you call a criminal going down the stairs? Condescending
I once lost a banana at court but then I appealed.
They laughed when I said I wanted to be a comedian – they’re not laughing now.
"Dad, I'm hungry." Hello, Hungry. I'm Dad.
What did Michael Jackson name his denim store?    Billy Jeans!
Why do bears have hairy coats? Fur protection.
“Hold on, I have something in my shoe”  “I’m pretty sure it’s a foot”
People are shocked to discover I have a police record but I love their greatest hits!
"I'll call you later." Don't call me later, call me Dad.
Waking up this morning was an eye-opening experience.
I cut my finger chopping cheese, but I think that I may have grater problems.
Why is the ocean always blue? Because the shore never waves back.
How come the stadium got hot after the game? Because all of the fans left.
What was a more important invention than the first telephone? The second one.
In my career as a lumberjack I cut down exactly 52,487 trees. I know because I kept a log.
I burned 2000 calories today, I left my food in the oven for too long.
Did you hear about the bread factory burning down? They say the business is toast.
I used to work for an origami company but they folded.
Last night me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
Why are fish so smart? Because they live in schools!
Why did the fireman wear red, white, and blue suspenders? To hold his pants up.
What is bread's favorite number?  Leaven.
To the guy who invented zero... thanks for nothing.
Cosmetic surgery used to be such a taboo subject.
Now you can talk about Botox and nobody raises an eyebrow.
I used to work for a soft drink can crusher. It was soda pressing.
Why don't skeletons ride roller coasters? They don't have the stomach for it.
Why do crabs never give to charity? Because they’re shellfish.
I was so proud when I finished the puzzle in six months, when on the side it said three to four years.
How do you know if there’s an elephant under your bed? Your head hits the ceiling!
I tried taking some high resolution photos of local farmland, but they all turned out a bit grainy.
What do you call a pig that knows karate? A pork chop!
Doctor you've got to help me, I'm addicted to Twitter. Doctor: I don't follow you.
I went to the store to pick up eight cans of sprite... when I got home I realized I'd only picked seven up
What do you call an eagle who can play the piano? Talonted!
Frankenstein enters a bodybuilding competition and finds he has seriously misunderstood the objective.
We all know where the Big Apple is but does anyone know where the Minneapolis?
Have you ever seen fruit preserves being made? It's jarring.
So a duck walks into a pharmacy and says “Give me some chap-stick… and put it on my bill”
Why did the girl smear peanut butter on the road? To go with the traffic jam.
How does a dyslexic poet write? Inverse.
I went to the zoo the other day, there was only one dog in it. It was a shitzu.
Where did you learn to make ice cream? Sunday school.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's ok, he woke up.
Why was the robot angry? Because someone kept pressing his buttons!
Why didn’t the orange win the race? It ran out of juice.
I knew I shouldn't steal a mixer from work, but it was a whisk I was willing to take.
Do you know where you can get chicken broth in bulk? The stock market.
I'm tired of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they are going and meet up with them later.
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad.
I boiled a funny bone last night and had a laughing stock
I've started telling everyone about the benefits of eating dried grapes. It's all about raisin awareness.
What do you call a beehive without the b's? An eehive.
Where do you take someone who has been injured in a Peek-a-boo accident? To the I.C.U.
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan.
Did you hear about the chameleon who couldn't change color? They had a reptile dysfunction.
Did you know Albert Einstein was a real person? All this time, I thought he was just a theoretical physicist!
Why did the cowboy have a weiner dog? Somebody told him to get a long little doggy.
What do birds give out on Halloween? Tweets.
I've been trying to come up with a dad joke about momentum . . . but I just can't seem to get it going.
As I suspected, someone has been adding soil to my garden. The plot thickens.
What did the Dorito farmer say to the other Dorito farmer? Cool Ranch!
Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun? She was a roman catholic.
I asked my date to go to the gym the other day. They never showed up. That's when I knew we wouldn't work out.
How do you make a hankie dance? Put a little boogie in it.
What do Alexander the Great and Winnie the Pooh have in common? Same middle name.
Why did the chicken get a penalty? For fowl play.
Why can't a bicycle stand on its own? It's two-tired.
My son is studying to be a surgeon, I just hope he makes the cut.
What's black and white and read all over? The newspaper.
The other day I was listening to a song about superglue, it’s been stuck in my head ever since.
What did one wall say to the other wall? I'll meet you at the corner!
Child: Dad, make me a sandwich. Dad: Poof! You're a sandwich.
My new thesaurus is terrible. In fact, it's so bad, I'd say it's terrible.
If you think swimming with dolphins is expensive, you should try swimming with sharks--it cost me an arm and a leg!
Doctor: Do you want to hear the good news or the bad news?
Patient: Good news please.
Doctor: we're naming a disease after you.
What do you do on a remote island? Try and find the TV island it belongs to.
Where’s the bin? Dad: I haven’t been anywhere!
How are false teeth like stars? They come out at night!
What animal is always at a game of cricket? A bat.
A butcher accidentally backed into his meat grinder and got a little behind in his work that day.
What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt.
I don’t play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I’m just doing it for kicks.
Why did the feline fail the lie detector test? Because he be lion.
How does Darth Vader like his toast? On the dark side.
Camping is intense.
To the person who stole my anti-depressant pills: I hope you're happy now.
What do you call a careful wolf? Aware wolf.
This furniture store keeps emailing me, all I wanted was one night stand!
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Damn!
“Doctor, I’ve broken my arm in several places” Doctor “Well don’t go to those places.”
A bartender broke up with her boyfriend, but he kept asking her for another shot.
I went to a Foo Fighters Concert once... It was Everlong...
Two parrots are sitting on a perch. One turns to the other and asks, "do you smell fish?"
A man was caught stealing in a supermarket today while balanced on the shoulders of a couple of vampires. He was charged with shoplifting on two counts.
Where was the Declaration of Independence signed?

At the bottom!
How much does a hipster weigh? An instagram.
Today a girl said she recognized me from vegetarian club, but I’m sure I’ve never met herbivore.
Never Trust Someone With Graph Paper...

They're always plotting something.
I knew i shouldn’t have ate that seafood. Because now i’m feeling a little… Eel
I got fired from the transmission factor, turns out I didn't put on enough shifts...
Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.
I hate perforated lines, they're tearable.
Why do cows not have toes? They lactose!
I invented a new word! Plagiarism!
How do the trees get on the internet? They log on.
When is a door not a door? When it's ajar.
Dad died because he couldn't remember his blood type. I will never forget his last words. Be positive.
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? Dunno, they're just a bit shady.
Why does Superman get invited to dinners? Because he is a Supperhero.
Feeling pretty proud of myself. The Sesame Street puzzle I bought said 3-5 years, but I finished it in 18 months.
Two silk worms had a race. They ended up in a tie.
What’s the longest word in the dictionary? Smiles. Because there’s a mile between the two S’s.
Why was the shirt happy to hang around the tank top? Because it was armless
It’s hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs, because they take everything literally.
It was raining cats and dogs the other day. I almost stepped in a poodle.
Slept like a log last night … woke up in the fireplace.
Want to hear a chimney joke? Got stacks of em! First one's on the house
What did the father tomato say to the baby tomato whilst on a family walk? Ketchup.
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint.
Want to hear a joke about construction? Nah, I'm still working on it.
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey, but I turned myself around.
What do you call a crowd of chess players bragging about their wins in a hotel lobby? Chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.
Bought a new jacket suit the other day and it burst into flames. Well, it was a blazer
Why do mathematicians hate the U.S.? Because it's indivisible.
What did the green grape say to the purple grape?
BREATH!!
Did you hear about the runner who was criticized? He just took it in stride
Why didn't the number 4 get into the nightclub? Because he is 2 square.
Dad, can you put my shoes on? I don't think they'll fit me.
What is worse then finding a worm in your Apple? Finding half a worm in your Apple.
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
What kind of dog lives in a particle accelerator? A Fermilabrador Retriever.
The great thing about stationery shops is they're always in the same place...
What do you call a bee that lives in America? A USB.
Why does it take longer to get from 1st to 2nd base, than it does to get from 2nd to 3rd base? Because there’s a Shortstop in between!
What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An Orca-stra.
Did you hear the one about the giant pickle?  He was kind of a big dill.
Man, I really love my furniture... me and my recliner go way back.
What do you do when you see a space man?
Park your car, man.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
I'd like to start a diet, but I've got too much on my plate right now.
Parallel lines have so much in common. It’s a shame they’ll never meet.
My cat was just sick on the carpet, I don’t think it’s feline well.
What do you call a duck that gets all A's? A wise quacker.
Have you heard about the owl sanctuary job opening? It’s all night shifts but they’re all a hoot over there.
What do you call a dictionary on drugs? High definition.
Have you heard about corduroy pillows?  They're making headlines!
Ever wondered why bees hum? It's because they don't know the words.
I got fired from a florist, apparently I took too many leaves.
My friend told me that pepper is the best seasoning for a roast, but I took it with a grain of salt.
How do locomotives know where they're going? Lots of training
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
Why did the teddy bear say “no” to dessert? Because she was stuffed.
The other day, my wife asked me to pass her lipstick but I accidentally passed her a glue stick. She still isn't talking to me.
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
I gave my friend 10 puns hoping that one of them would make him laugh. Sadly, no pun in ten did.
I ate a clock yesterday. It was so time consuming.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
I had a dream that I was a muffler last night. I woke up exhausted!
Have you heard the rumor going around about butter? Never mind, I shouldn't spread it.
Did you hear about the cow who jumped over the barbed wire fence? It was udder destruction.
Just watched a documentary about beavers… It was the best damn program I’ve ever seen.
A farmer had 297 cows, when he rounded them up, he found he had 300
A man walked in to a bar with some asphalt on his arm. He said “Two beers please, one for me and one for the road.”
Conjunctivitis.com – now that’s a site for sore eyes.
It's difficult to say what my wife does, she sells sea shells by the sea shore.
How many optometrists does it take to change a light bulb? 1 or 2? 1... or 2?
I remember when I was a kid, I opened my fridge and noticed one of my vegetables were crying. I guess I have some emotional cabbage.
The urge to sing the Lion King song is just a whim away.
I was just looking at my ceiling. Not sure if it’s the best ceiling in the world, but it’s definitely up there.
You will never guess what Elsa did to the balloon. She let it go.
Someone asked me to name two structures that hold water. I said "Well dam"
What is a witch's favorite subject in school? Spelling!
What do you call a boomerang that won't come back? A stick.
What did the Buffalo say to his little boy when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
What's the difference between a rooster and a crow? A rooster can crow but a crow cannot rooster.
I saw a documentary on TV last night about how they put ships together.  It was rivetting.
Did you know you should always take an extra pair of pants golfing? Just in case you get a hole in one.
Don’t interrupt someone working intently on a puzzle. Chances are, you’ll hear some crosswords.
What do you call your friend who stands in a hole? Phil.
Which is the fastest growing city in the world? Dublin'
What happens when you anger a brain surgeon? They will give you a piece of your mind.
I'll tell you what often gets over looked... garden fences.
Why do pumpkins sit on people’s porches?

They have no hands to knock on the door.
What do bees do after they are married? They go on a honeymoon.
My boss told me to attach two pieces of wood together... I totally nailed it!
I just read a book about Stockholm syndrome. It was pretty bad at first, but by the end I liked it.
What do I look like? A JOKE MACHINE!?
There are two types of people in this world, those who can extrapolate from incomplete data...
I heard there was a new store called Moderation. They have everything there
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
Some people eat light bulbs. They say it's a nice light snack.
When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down.
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There’s no menu: You get what you deserve.
Why don’t skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have nobody to go with.
Why did the sentence fail the driving test? It never came to a full stop.
What did the dog say to the two trees? Bark bark.
Why was the picture sent to prison? It was framed.
I decided to sell my Hoover… well it was just collecting dust.
Why do wizards clean their teeth three times a day? To prevent bat breath!
What did one nut say as he chased another nut?  I'm a cashew!
How come a man driving a train got struck by lightning? He was a good conductor.
Why are basketball players messy eaters? Because they are always dribbling.
What do you call a dad that has fallen through the ice? A Popsicle.
What did the shy pebble wish for? That she was a little boulder.
What do you get if you cross a turkey with a ghost? A poultry-geist!
Just read a few facts about frogs. They were ribbiting.
What do you call a monkey in a mine field? A babooooom!
Why did the belt go to prison? He held up a pair of pants!
What's the worst thing about ancient history class? The teachers tend to Babylon.
In the news a courtroom artist was arrested today, I'm not surprised, he always seemed sketchy.
Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? The p is silent.
What kind of dinosaur loves to sleep? A stega-snore-us.
What did the doctor say to the gingerbread man who broke his leg? Try icing it.
What is a centipedes's favorite Beatle song?  I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand...
I've just written a song about a tortilla. Well, it is more of a rap really.
A Skeleton walked into a bar he said I need a beer and a mop
Where do you learn to make banana splits? At sundae school.
A ghost walks into a bar and asks for a glass of vodka but the bar tender says, “sorry we don’t serve spirits”
I asked the surgeon if I could administer my own anesthetic, they said: go ahead, knock yourself out.
I saw my husband trip and fall while carrying a laundry basket full of ironed clothes. I watched it all unfold.
What do you call an elephant that doesn’t matter? An irrelephant.
What did one plate say to the other plate? Dinner is on me!
Two satellites decided to get married. The wedding wasn't much, but the reception was incredible.
My boss told me that he was going to fire the person with the worst posture. I have a hunch, it might be me.
Scientists finally did a study on forks. It's about tine!
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
What did the green grape say to the purple grape?
BREATH!!
How can you tell a vampire has a cold? They start coffin.
Two dyslexics walk into a bra.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?  Look for fresh prints.
Do I enjoy making courthouse puns? Guilty
A girl once asked me what my heart desired, apparently blood, oxygen and neural messages were all wrong answers
A man got hit in the head with a can of Coke, but he was alright because it was a soft drink.
Sometimes I tuck my knees into my chest and lean forward.  That’s just how I roll.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
Some people say that I never got over my obsession with Phil Collins.
But take a look at me now.
What did the Red light say to the Green light? Don't look at me I'm changing!
What do you get when you cross a rabbit with a water hose? Hare spray.
I wanted to be a tailor but I didn't suit the job
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
Two guys walked into a bar, the third one ducked.
I’ll tell you something about German sausages, they’re the wurst
What’s E.T. short for? He’s only got little legs.
What is the tallest building in the world? The library – it’s got the most stories!
Never take advice from electrons. They are always negative.
Did you hear about the two thieves who stole a calendar? They each got six months.
What did the calculator say to the student? You can count on me.
A Sandwich walks into a bar, the bartender says “Sorry, we don’t serve food here”
I was thinking about moving to Moscow but there is no point Russian into things.
Remember, the best angle to approach a problem from is the "try" angle.
Americans can't switch from pounds to kilograms overnight. That would cause mass confusion.
Astronomers got tired watching the moon go around the earth for 24 hours. They decided to call it a day.
Don't buy flowers at a monastery. Because only you can prevent florist friars.
How do you get two whales in a car? Start in England and drive West.
Geology rocks, but Geography is where it's at!
Sgt.: Commissar! Commissar! The troops are revolting! Commissar: Well, you’re pretty repulsive yourself.
What do you get when you cross a bee and a sheep? A bah-humbug.
When you have a bladder infection, urine trouble.
You know what they say about cliffhangers...
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb? Oh, it's a really obscure number. You've probably never heard of it.
Yesterday, I accidentally swallowed some food coloring. The doctor says I’m okay, but I feel like I’ve dyed a little inside.
I always wanted to look into why I procrastinate, but I keep putting it off.
A termite walks into a bar and asks “Is the bar tender here?”
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus? Ten-tickles!
What do you call a troublesome Canadian high schooler? A poutine.
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don't work.
What do you call an Argentinian with a rubber toe? Roberto
I went on a date last night with a girl from the zoo. It was great. She’s a keeper.
Why is it a bad idea to iron your four-leaf clover? Cause you shouldn't press your luck.
My pet mouse 'Elvis' died last night. He was caught in a trap..
Why do ducks make great detectives? They always quack the case.
Why was Santa's little helper feeling depressed? Because he has low elf esteem.
I accidentally took my cats meds last night. Don’t ask meow.
What is the best way to carve?
Whittle by whittle.
What don't watermelons get married? Because they cantaloupe.
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? "HDMI"
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday...the rest are weekdays.
Where do sheep go to get their hair cut? The baa-baa shop.
Mountains aren't just funny, they are hill areas
What is the hardest part about sky diving? The ground.
Don't tell secrets in corn fields. Too many ears around.
I started a new business making yachts in my attic this year...the sails are going through the roof
Why do birds fly south for the winter? Because it's too far to walk.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Thanks for all the sediment.
Why did the banana go to the doctor? He was not "peeling" well.
Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, ‘No, just leave it in the carton!’
I made a playlist for hiking. It has music from Peanuts, The Cranberries, and Eminem. I call it my Trail Mix.
Egyptians claimed to invent the guitar, but they were such lyres.﻿
Have you heard about the film "Constipation", you probably haven't because it's not out yet.
What is red and smells like blue paint?
Red paint!
The best time on a clock is 6:30--hands down.
It doesn't matter how much you push the envelope. It will still be stationary.
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie? He was too far out, man.
I made a belt out of watches once... It was a waist of time.
Why are snake races so exciting? They're always neck and neck.
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
I was in an 80's band called the prevention. We were better than the cure.
What do you do when your bunny gets wet? You get your hare dryer.
Where was the Declaration of Independence signed?

At the bottom!
Why was it called the dark ages? Because of all the knights.
What did the hat say to the scarf?
You can hang around. I'll just go on ahead.
I had a rough day, and then somebody went and ripped the front and back pages from my dictionary. It just goes from bad to worse.
It was so cold yesterday my computer froze. My own fault though, I left too many windows open.
"Hey, dad, did you get a haircut?" "No, I got them all cut."
what do you call a dog that can do magic tricks? a labracadabrador
Why is the new Kindle screen textured to look like paper? So you feel write at home.
I was fired from the keyboard factory yesterday.  I wasn't putting in enough shifts.
"I'm sorry." "Hi sorry, I'm dad"
For Valentine's day, I decided to get my wife some beads for an abacus.  It's the little things that count.
I’ve deleted the phone numbers of all the Germans I know from my mobile phone. Now it’s Hans free.
Why was the broom late for the meeting? He overswept.
Why is no one friends with Dracula? Because he's a pain in the neck.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
What does a female snake use for support? A co-Bra!
A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. Judge says, ‘First offender?’ She says, ‘No, first a Gibson! Then a Fender!’
I met this girl on a dating site and, I don't know, we just clicked.
What kind of bagel can fly? A plain bagel.
I had a pair of racing snails. I removed their shells to make them more aerodynamic, but they became sluggish.
I've got a joke about vegetables for you... but it's a bit corny.
Yesterday a clown held a door open for me. I thought it was a nice jester.
What do computers and air conditioners have in common? They both become useless when you open windows.
An apple a day keeps the bullies away. If you throw it hard enough.
What do you call two barracuda fish?  A Pairacuda!
Somebody stole my Microsoft Office and they're going to pay - you have my Word.
You can't trust a ladder. It will always let you down
What did the digital clock say to the grandfather clock? Look, no hands!
What did the big flower say to the littler flower? Hi, bud!
Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was a salted
Did you hear the news? FedEx and UPS are merging. They’re going to go by the name Fed-Up from now on.
They say Dodger Stadium can hold up to fifty-six thousand people, but that is just a ballpark figure.
Why do valley girls hang out in odd numbered groups? Because they can't even.
I thought my wife was joking when she said she'd leave me if I didn't stop signing "I'm A Believer"... Then I saw her face.
